# CS-305 Software Security

Artemis Financial is a financial company that wants to modernize its operations and implement and apply the most current and effective software security. Artemis Financial has a RESTful web application programming interface (API) and is seeking expertise in taking steps to protect the organization from external threats. There are a variety of possible threats that must be addressed to help the client reach its goals. In completing this vulnerability assessment, I believe that I did several things well such as identifyiing the common attacks used by hackers such as DDOS attacks and Man in the Middle attacks. I also think I did a good job using Maven to identify dependency vulnerabilities.It is imporant to emphasize security to protect any company and their clients. This is important so you can protect customer's personal information such as social security numbers and cardit card informatiom. If criminals gain access to this information then a company will lose a lot of money and their reputation will be effected negatively. Working through the vulnerability assessment process was challenging at times because I had to take it step by step and focus on one aspect of security at a time. There are many things you can to icrease security such as making sure you have good input validation  so that you can grant the right amount of authorization to the user. The principle of least priveledge is a good idea too to make sure that user have enough acess to do what they need to do without having access to all of the resources. Having proper techniques to protect against SQL injection is important to remember too. It is important to refactor code and keep checking it to make sure it is working properly. There are many tools and resources that I used to help me during this course. First, using secure coding practices should be the first thing to be considered. Using Maven for dependecy checks also helped because it showed me the dependencies and how to address them. This made me realize how important it is to have the latest versions of any software that I am using in my project. I think this project showcases my skills because it shows that I emphasize security and that I understand how to analyze a system and look for security vuolnerabilities. I also have experience working with tools like Maven and looking up vulnerability reports.
